Add repository root docs (#194)
olmps/memo: ARCHITECTURE.md

Table of Contents
- [Architecture](#architecture)
  - [Overview](#overview)
    - [`/flutter`](#flutter)
    - [`/firebase`](#firebase)
    - [One last thing](#one-last-thing)
  - [`.vscode/`](#vscode)
  - [Release](#release)

# Architecture

Memo's architecture is quite simple, as it delegates all of the hardcore/complex foundations to its vendors. With that
said, we still have to write a decent amount of code to reach our goals and, if we don't output quality code, things

> will get messy pretty quickly - yeah, Sherlock stuff here, like it's not a common ground for basically **any software**.

Author: I aimed for a language that differed from the classical technical, as architectural documents gets often daunting massive and boring.

It's much more a trade of experiences from us to anyone that wants to find out what was the line of thought between all of this, and not just a technical guide. At least, I had fun writing these, and I'm pretty happy with the output - at least, they seem a little bit more joyful when comparing to the usual `ARCHITECTURE.md`, which are often a challenge to read.

In simple terms, `/flutter` is where all of our client-side source files will live - using Flutter as its engine to
output binaries for all platforms that Memo support. For the server-side contents, Firebase is used, hence all files
related to the server belong in `/firebase`.

> While you should (if you have past experiences with it) understand the root folder's structure of the `/flutter` 
> project, the `/firebase` project might be quite unusual, to say the least. It may be valid to get deeper into it 
> through [Firebase ARCHITECTURE.md](flutter/ARCHITECTURE.md), as this is an overview of the whole architecture. 
 
## Overview

> ![Architecture Overview](.resources/00arch_overview.png "Architecture Overview")

Author: https://github.com/olmps/memo/blob/root-docs/ARCHITECTURE.md

- that's because `TypeScript` is just a superset on top of the `JavaScript`, at the end, it outputs `JavaScript` files.
But, here's the catch: because the `Firebase/GCP Infrastructure` provides so much built-in functionality, there is a
bunch of stuff that we can do without writing a single line of code. To configure behaviors of these complex services
provided to us through a simple API, we use some `Configuration Files` - things like rules of our database
(`firestore.rules` in our case).

### One last thing

... but not less important: this is **heavily influenced** by a bunch personal opinions and experiences in some
production projects that the team has worked on. This project's external dependencies will keep changing as the time
goes on, Flutter and Firebase will also keep evolving, and we have to adapt in a way to maintain consistency, integrity
and scalability of our solution. So, it's probable that there is (and will be) better ways to achieve the same
goals/objectives. For this, we look into your help to make this project's architecture continuously provide a good

> developer experience to add new features, update old ones and keep those nasty bugs away.

Reviewer: NIT: I think this could be rewritten in a more "invite for help" approach instead "why we decided to do so and thinks will change", because that's obvious IMO. I would suggest something like:

> Our goal is to keep the project's ARCHITECTURE consistent, scalable and up-to-date with the best software development practices and latest external dependencies features. For this, we look into your help to make this project's architecture continuously provide a good developer experience to add new features, update old ones and keep those nasty bugs away.

Author: > because that's obvious IMO

I think a lot of beginner developers aren't aware of the dimension of a production-ready application, but your point is valid on "the goal", so I'll adjust and let me know what you think about it.

## `.vscode/`

While this project heavily enforces that vscode should be used, IntelliJ is also an alternative, although it won't
provide the best experience with the setup made in this repository. If you still prefer to use it, there should be no
problem at all, just make sure to follow the same guidelines specified in
[Flutter's `settings.json`](flutter/.vscode/settings.json) and
[Firebase's `settings.json`](firebase/.vscode/settings.json), both which are prepared to automatically apply the
standard style + format to all Memo's source files.

> All configuration files lives under the respective project's `.vscode` folder and - while there are some that will
> disagree with this decision - **should be git-tracked**.

Reviewer: NIT:

```suggestion
All configuration files lives under the respective project's `.vscode`.
```

Author: Ditto:
I think this goes the way of https://github.com/olmps/memo/pull/194#discussion_r717556085

If you disagree, we can discuss about it, I'm open to it.

Reviewer: About this specific one, I think it could be rewritten to emphasis why we are the team the check it in source control, instead pointing out that some may disagree. Suggestion:

```suggestion
All configuration files lives under the respective project's `.vscode` folder and **should be git-tracked**. There are open discussions about the git-tracking of `.vscode` folder, and we are those that aim for standardize our codebase by using lint and defining IDE standards.
```

Or something like that

Reviewer: About this specific one, I think it could be rewritten to emphasis why we are the team the check it in source control, instead pointing out that some may disagree. Suggestion:

```suggestion
All configuration files lives under the respective project's `.vscode` folder and **should be git-tracked**. There are open discussions about the git-tracking of `.vscode` folder, and we are those that aim for standardize our codebase by using lint and defining IDE standards.
```

Or something like that

Author: Removed "while there are some that will disagree with this decision" to keep this compact but remove the justification as to why
